What's cool about this modal is we really can put it anywhere.
I'm going to put it right here at the end.
And this is where I was saying, like, I probably would normally split this out into a separate
file. But I don't want to today, so we're not going to.
So focused order, if we have a focused order, we want to do, we want to show our modal,
right? And if we don't have a focused modal, then what do we want to render?
Nothing. Null. You can render null. That's okay. Null just means don't render anything.
Is that better than doing, like, just fragments?
Just something like...
Or, you know, like, yeah, those. That's what I've usually...
My intuition is it doesn't really matter. I like null because you're expressing it like
I literally want nothing to be here. Yeah.
That's kind of what I was just...
But again, we're splitting hairs here.
All right. So modal. And then now we can put whatever we want in here.
So let's put our modal. So we're going to say order, number, and then it's going to be
focused order. Okay. And then we do have to, like, make sure that it's loaded, right? Because
the user will select their order, and it'll render the modal. But we still need to,
like, wait until the stuff is actually loaded from the API.
So we're going to say that when it's not loading past order,
then do this. Otherwise, again, null. Or actually, I think I have, like, a loading there. Yeah,
I do. All right. So this is going to be... What do I have? Is it a P? Yeah, it is a P.
P loading slash P like that. Otherwise, we're going to do another one of our favorite things.
Tables. Again. Table, fed. You are not sick of hearing me say that. TR, TD, and it's image,
name. Let's just copy and paste a bunch of these. I need size, quantity, price, total.
So this is size. This is quantity. This is price. And this is total. Okay. Under the fed,
we are into the to body. Okay. And then inside of here, we're going to do our map of all the
data that we're getting back from the past order data. Past order data dot order items
dot map. And each one of these is going to be a pizza that we're getting back from the order API.
And then inside of that, you have a TR key equals... And I have some longer key here. All right.
Sounds good. Again, it just has to be something unique to the particular thing that we're looking
at. So I did pizza dot pizza ID. Pizza type ID. And this is why. This will collapse all of the...
Like if you ordered like seven of those Napolitana snake pizzas, it will collapse that down to the
same quantity. So you're guaranteed that the combination of a pizza type ID and the pizza
size will be unique. That's why I did it this way. Again, we're not going to do any reordering here.
So it's actually kind of not necessary for us to be so guarded with our key. But my recommendation
for you is, you know, if you, let's say you become the new dominoes and you built this pizza system
for it, maybe later you do need to add the ability to filter and reorder and stuff like that. And
it's better to just build these things now, especially since it's usually not very hard to.
All right. So for this TD, we're going to do an image source equals
pizza dot image and the alt is pizza dot name.
And then we're going to have a TD of name, right? Pizza dot name.
And again, I'm just going to be lazy and copy and paste this a bunch of times, size, quantity,
price, total, size, quantity. And then we have our price converter, right? So we're going to
use our price converter that we just built, pizza dot price, and price,
converter, pizza dot total. Okay. That'll be good for our rows and drew to body, the table,
the loading, and we need some ability for us to be able to close. So before this, just I need a
button right there. That's a close. How are we going to close our modal? Maybe a better way of
answering, asking that question is, is how do we un-render the modal? What is modal rendering based
on? Focused order, right? So what happens if we set focused order to be null or undefined or zero?
It'll, it'll un-render it, right? It just won't be there anymore. So if we say on click equals,
and we could just say straight up set focused order like that. So we have to go create inside
of our API directory, we're going to create another file here called get past order.
Not confusing, definitely not ripe for us typo errors.
Nothing to see here, move along. Export default async function, get past order.
This takes in a order number
and we're going to say const response equals await fetch
slash API slash past dash order slash dollar sign order, just like that.
Const data equals await response dot json and return data. Calls the API, looking for a past
order with that, await response dot json and return the data. All right, so we have past here,
this is loading. So we still have no way to open the page, right? We haven't added the ability to
click on these rows yet, so we still have to go do that. Go into your past order or your past dot
lazy dot jsx and go to where we're rendering our buttons here. So for the order ID, we're going to
make that clickable. Yep. So here, on line 50 here, we're just going to put another
HTML element in here, it's going to be a button. On click, we're going to just set the order or
the focused order. Set focused order to be order dot order ID.
I don't think I need to do much more than that, nope, except we'll just put the order ID inside
of it. So all I did was this. I surrounded this order ID with this button here.
Now, again, remember, someone's going to click this button, it's going to invoke this function,
it's going to set the focused order to be whatever the order ID was here. What's that going to do?
It's then going to open the modal because this is just looking for whenever a focused order exists,
just looking for whenever a focused order exists, right? Pretty slick, right?
All right, so now we have nice looking buttons here. If I click one of these,
I get a nice little looking modal.
All right, and then again, notice when I click these, these ones you'll see just like the briefest
flash, and let's do our silly thing and intentionally delay it. I'll wait for 10 seconds.
Okay, so that's going to make this wait for 10 seconds.
Whenever we get there, okay, we're going to click this one. And then now see,
it's going to be sit here and load for a while.
And whenever that finishes, we should end up seeing our nice looking pages here. But again,
now if I click it again, because it's pulling from cache, it's not hitting that function,
it's going to be instant. And again, if I hit this one, it's gonna make us wait,
right? Because that one's not in cache right now. So again, I was kind of talking about you can
actually like preload the cache. So if you're doing like some sort of server side rendering
or something like that, or some sort of like optimistic loading, what you could do is you
could go load the first 10 orders just because you assume people are going to be mostly looking
at the first 10 orders and stick those in cache and so that you wouldn't have to do that 10 second
wait every single time. Or fun fact, you can just go and delete the await here. That was
instant performance for free. This was obviously the most dense part of what we just did.
I would say this is like one of the more advanced React concepts or maybe
more advanced client side React concepts. Once you get on the server side,
some weird stuff starts to pan out.